---
layout: post
title:  "RPI Public Course Evaluation -- Progress Report 2018/04/07"
date:   2018-04-07 15:07:30 +0000s
categories: full stack web development series
---

I have finished "A smarter way to learn JavaScript" book, and now I know the basics of JavaScript Syntax. I didn't progress much on learning nodejs, and it was harder than I thought. This week the school workload is high, and I only spent 2 hours on nodejs up to this point. It is impossible to finish learning the nodejs basic usage by the end of this week. Nodejs is much harder and different than I thought before, and I assume a minimum of 120 hours of concentrated work to make use of it. I will divide this work into 6 weeks, giving 20 hours to eackh week. The nodejs study will be from 4/8 to 5/20. I will start with basic tutorials and see where to go next. Here is my plan to learn nodejs:

Finish Tutorialpoint's nodejs tutorial on 4/7: https://www.tutorialspoint.com/nodejs/nodejs_callbacks_concept.htm

Finish this tutorial by 4/9:http://nqdeng.github.io/7-days-nodejs/#3.4.3 

Finish this tutorial by 5/9: https://www.udemy.com/the-complete-nodejs-developer-course-2/learn/v4/overview

Here is the updated plan:

## Plan ##
2018/05/09 -- Finish learning node.js basic usage and build some small project to enhance the understanding. 

2018/05/20 -- Finish learning PostgreSQL basic usage.

2018/05/31 -- node.js, PostgreSQL/MongoDB and JavaScript should now be glued together. 

2018/06/07 -- A backend framework with all the modules integrated. (a full stack) This thing should now run on an AWS server. The course catalog should be done. 

2018/06/14 -- Course search functionality. 

2018/06/22 -- Average work load feature.

2018/06/29 -- Comment section feature.

2018/07/6 -- Relative difficulty feature. 

2018/07/15 -- A prototype application with all core functionalites. (course search, comment system, average hr/week rating, relative difficulty). These functions should be available through a barebone user interface. 

2018/07/22 -- Finish backend testing.

2018/08/5 -- A user friendly interface. 

2018/08/12-- Migration to Docker.

2018/08/19 -- Migration to Kubernetes.

2018/08/25 -- End-to-end testing.

2018/08/31 -- System stress test.

2018/09/6 -- Deployment. (expose to public)

2018/09/15 -- Maintainance. 







 





